yeah I mean I think well the first time
ever did setup was in 2000 summer of
2000 what happened was just right out of
high school my friends it was between
high school college my friends were like
dude you're funny dude you know I can
tell good stories but you know they do
it on stage and being like that you know
hormonal like you know teenage you're
like let me keep their give me pick a
spot I'll do it it did pick a spot and
it was an open mic night that would chat
like a tonight it was a good father
dollar grand prize or whatever this in
the middle of south central layer now
South LA and they have you know 50
people they play and all the end this
open mic X got of sage and long story
short I won the Oh Frank night and it
was it was it was weird cuz I'm I you
know got this I got my comedy cherry pop
you know and it was it was it was it was
a great feeling it was like probably the
best feeling I've ever had at the time
you know he proved better than sex at
the time but you know and then draw
college you know I would do gigs here
and there I met another comedian the
korean-american named PK poking at me
this collaboration at the time he was
doing the show called Asian nights at
the Laugh Factory or actually was called
Asian invasion which alive but and so
you know
Saamy one day cuz he was running late at
this banquet that he had hired to do and
he was running late so like you know
they're like just go up just tell jokes
let sounding jokes while he's you know
waiting for him he saw me he was like oh
you know like if you want to do this but
blah blah got to talking and he got my
basically my foot in the door
the Laugh Factory you know a lot of
comics you know do stand-up comedy to
ultimately get into movies and you know
have them insist on good things like you
know that that's that's awesome you know
I think for me my goal is to immediately
be able to make comfortable with it and
stand up all right but the you know
again it's a business right so it looks
like you you got to put asking the seats
and the only way I can figure out to do
that is if you are if you're known you
know I think by the rest of America like
John Cho he was known that something the
milfs do you know in American Pie him
and like Jerry fed Bob he was in a four
year old virgin he says go fucking to go
now and like those things and I can job
that he's blowing up rising all
you know then if ken wanted to do
stand-up I mean he does have mobility if
he wanted to go there's only night
somewhere I'm sure people come flock and
that's the numbers thing so you know I
mean this is the singing of acting like
you know Bobby Lee - about two and a
half years ago called having wheat wheat
you know I met him Wow but Bobby was
like you called me okay you know we need
someone fat and retarded looking for the
sketch you know and so I called the so I
responded like okay whatever won't meet
there tomorrow and then you know you
like noon so I got there and you know
did it and you know I had no lives you
know I just basically look like he like
retarded you know I had this look and it
you know because of him I've been on
MADtv like eight 10 episodes the
classical years yeah thank you for that
and he even got me my first agent and
then you know like the Kim jong-il stuff
that was sort of like me me and my buddy
Evan he's that part of Parowan film
roots one day like we always talked
about working with each other and we're
always writing together itself
potential scripts but the day that that
the Iraqi reported threw a shoe at Bush
when the news came out Evan calls me
what are you doing just woke up and he's
like hey bring bring your bring your
kyu-jong enough and I bought it for
Halloween Nina just fucking around it
and so you know and there was no there
was no script or anything he just asked
me questions and then I just pretended
that my accent was pretty much like
something my mom yeah and so it was
something for fun and then it got a
positive feedback so I just kept I just
kept on doing other things you know with
that character I mean the part of me is
always you know like I don't want to be
known as just in Germany you know I mean
that no no actor wants to did you know
was that but you know it's just me
that's fun and because of Bobby he got
me my commercial agent and you know I've
been going on auditions for the last two
and half years
you have looked about for commercials
that some summer national ephemeral
regionals
but yeah I mean most something I'm proud
of I think it's my DVD you know my I
have a DVD that film was only years ago
it's the first time that I filmed
something like my stand-up not sure I
did like real it was like five minutes
or 10 minutes but first time I did an
hour Phil you know it was kind of you
know with the stage makeup and
everything it was ridiculous but I don't
even need the stage makeup because I was
like sweating somebody the end of the
show like but it's probably my pop is
the biggest moment in my career I mean I
think everyone's different every every
people learn different ways and things
like that so my first advice do you want
to do it you go and go to your nearest
open mic go to your coffee cup and find
on those places we can go on stage and
tell jokes you know no one is born
Chappell no one is born this rock so
chances are you gonna father here a pawn
big right but everyone loves and I've
seen some of the biggest comics when
they were big bomb on stage like I've
seen Dan cook eat it on stage yeah but
it's a matter of how does that feel how
you want to you know whatever it meant
did I there was there was a time where I
thought I was like oh I'm pretty good
you know like you know I would
consistently do like 20 minutes that's
he right there
now get really good feedback you know
I'm sure get standing ovations like I am
the shit and then I got booked to the
show it's called chocolate sundaes it's
a laugh at theater as you can cleverly
tell by the name of the show is an
all-black show and you know for me like
you know I do it doesn't matter what
audience I'm just gonna keep it real and
I guess I kept it a little too real they
don't like what I was saying they booed
the living shit out of me
they laid my bait they wanted me
offstage but I took it and I kept on
telling jokes you know because for me
it's more like to me you have to
understand why you want to do comedy is
it for the fame some people say that for
me honestly it's the best thing I can do
you know I'm it's uh for me it's stress
relief this it's like people pay money
to go to therapy this is my therapy
session where I'm on stage and I'm
literally most of my jokes I would say
90% 99% my jokes are true stories about
me you know and it's a way for me to be
me and let people know that you know
this is one half